I think it's one thing or a game
producer to try and put into a game what
they think is realistic for us that's
not acceptable we are going to use
professional racing drivers to tell us
this is what it's like to drive a car if
they're not happy with it we're going to
make changes we've had several racing
drivers working on shift 2 unleashed
Tommy Milner has given a lot of feedback
long getting jr. helped to shape the
drifting experience and Edward Sandstrom
has been instrumental in setting up all
the cars racing isn't sterile its brady
its violent exhausting we wanted to
immerse players into that real
environment t need for speed is a
testing platform for us to understand
what it's like to drive racing cars
everything that we learned through
operating the team has put back into the
game
nobody ever gets to experience my cars
but me and that's something I've always
wanted other people to get to experience
you know it's kind of hard to just grab
somebody and say here jump in this 1,400
horsepower all-wheel drive maniac
machine but something like this you guys
have actually captured what it's like
the sound visual you can see everything
that's going on seeing the fireballs
come out of the exhaust in the hood to
me it's amazing we have the most
advanced physics system ever released in
a racing game what we're doing this time
is putting telemetry directly into the
game here we've got the tire temperature
and suspension information the size of
the circles indicates the amount of
weight on each wheel the color of circle
indicates you might have gripped
remaining if I go over some grass here
you'll see that green square moving up
Anton that's dynamic and real-time we're
measuring this 360 times per second the
realism of the actual tracks that what
we as drivers actually see is the most
amazing thing
driving a night just like we're going
twice as fast you lose almost all your
references and you just sort of drive
blind at that point
shift to on leash as an incredible new
view it's called a helmet cam definitely
realistic feature the game and the
biggest part of that I think is the head
movement and the look to the apex which
if you look at helmet cam video you'll
see that's the same motions
and drifting we're actually looking out
the side windows so once the car gets
sideways and you're turning it moves
your head to see where you're going it's
very realistic really puts you in the
driver's seat your palms get sweaty and
you feel adrenaline that's very
incredible for a game to accomplish